Report 1

The aim of this project is to build a roulette casino game.

To achieve this an incremental approach will be taken.

The first task is to build a simple roulette wheel with a ball animation.
Initially I have used a jpg image as a background. However I decided to remove
this and create my own wheel oject out of arcs.

Ball is animated by RotateTransition() method, however as I set the setToAngle()
to a random number the ball can stop between the roulette pockets. To rectify this
I changed the random number generator's range to select a number between 0 and
36, then set the angle that corresponds to that numbers position on the wheel using
a really big and ugly switch statement e.g pocket 0 = 180deg. This will allow me to easily apply the
game logic to process a winning bit. Will look into possible ways to refactor this.

I decided to create an enum class for number that contains the number value,
angle value and colour. Thus the switch statement can be removed and replaced with
an iterator that loops through all the enum types and matches witht the random
selected number and returns the angle:
for (Number n : Number.values()) {
    if (n.getNumber() == number) {
        return n.getAngle();
    }

The next task was to split the classes up I now have:
Roulette - main stage displays all components and runs animation.
Wheel - draws all component of the wheel, returned as a group to Roulette.
Ball - initialises the ball and sets its rotation - returns shape.
Spin - generates a random number between 0 and 36 - returns angle for animation, number and color for logic
Number - enum class containing all numbers and their corresponding angle and colour.

Report 2

Next task is to create the Table class to handle a player placing bets on a grid.

I have i initially created this using rectangles and set their color and values
according to the enum class Number.

I have decided to pause on the implementation to review how my classes are interacting with one another.
I need to refactor my Numbers class as numbers contain all the information for the logic and graphic of the
game. I am going to refactor the Number class and enable auto-testing.

To improve the game it would have been simpler to load an image for the table and
roulette wheel then add animation to the wheel. I could have used an grid pane
ontop of the table image to use as a reference to seecting bets to play. This would
have removed alot of code from the game. However I decided to keep the game as
is so to gain experience from placing and creating my own shapes.

I've decided to create BetSquare class that will hold the position of each individual
rectangle that can be bet on, the issue here is that every rectangle has different
win logic. I should refactor the Table class to grab the set co-ordinates of eachbetSquare from
this new class, but will leave as is for now.

I have alse refactored the main class to attempt to remove the game logic to
a Betting class, I pass a player to this class to allow for multiple players
in the future.
